Update the docs to install Loki with Tanka (#4083)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/installation/tanka.md

jb install github.com/grafana/loki/production/ksonnet/promtail@main
```

Next, replace the contents of `environments/loki/main.jsonnet` with the YAML below, making sure to replace or modify the following:
1. Update the `username`, `password`, and the relevant `htpasswd` contents
1. Update the s3 or gcs variables and `boltdb_shipper_shared_store` variable based on your choice of object storage backend. See here for the full [storage_config](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#storage_config). 
1. Remove the object storage variables that are not relevant for your setup (e.g., remove the s3 variables if you're using gcs)
1. Update the `container_root_path` value so it reflects your own data root for the Docker Daemon. Run `docker info | grep "Root Dir"` to get the root path.

> 1. Update the `schema_config` section so that `from` has today's date and `object-store` has your choice of object storage backend (e.g., s3, gcs)

Reviewer: If someone wants to send older logs to Loki, then with today's date, they might lose them because Loki would just ignore those logs. So I think we should either explicitly mention it or skip suggesting to set it to today's date.
What do you think?

Reviewer: Our default config is to accept 7 days older logs, so maybe we can suggest using it as a reference, but some users would get confused if they want to add a new schema with a new date. So we would need a dedicated section talking about adding a new schema config.

Author: Got it. I'll set the docs to suggest "use current date minus 14 days" and then mention that this will need to be modified if they want to have multiple schema configs. I'm primarily trying to target this to someone who is setting up loki from scratch for the first time, so I'll call that out as well. If you're doing that, I would expect you to only start with 1 schema config.

jb install github.com/grafana/loki/production/ksonnet/promtail@main
```

Next, replace the contents of `environments/loki/main.jsonnet` with the YAML below, making sure to replace or modify the following:
1. Update the `username`, `password`, and the relevant `htpasswd` contents
1. Update the s3 or gcs variables and `boltdb_shipper_shared_store` variable based on your choice of object storage backend. See here for the full [storage_config](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#storage_config). 
1. Remove the object storage variables that are not relevant for your setup (e.g., remove the s3 variables if you're using gcs)
1. Update the `container_root_path` value so it reflects your own data root for the Docker Daemon. Run `docker info | grep "Root Dir"` to get the root path.
1. Update the `schema_config` section so that `object-store` has your choice of object storage backend (e.g., s3, gcs)

> 1. Update the `from` value in the schema config. The `from` date represents the first day from which the schema config is valid. For new Loki installs, we suggest setting `from` to 14 days before today's date (e.g. if today is Jan 14 2021, set `from` to Jan 1 2021). This recommendation is based on the fact that Loki will by default accept log lines from up to 14 days in the past (controlled by the value of the "reject_old_samples_max_age" knob). 

Reviewer: I think there is a mistake in calculation, the example date should be 15th of Jan otherwise the `from` date would be `Dec 31 2020` because we do `now() - 14 days`.
```suggestion
1. Update the `from` value in the schema config. The `from` date represents the first day from which the schema config is valid. For new Loki installs, we suggest setting `from` to 14 days before today's date (e.g. if today is Jan 15 2021, set `from` to Jan 1 2021). This recommendation is based on the fact that Loki will by default accept log lines from up to 14 days in the past (controlled by the value of the "reject_old_samples_max_age" knob). 
```

> Next, replace the contents of `environments/loki/main.jsonnet` with the YAML below, making sure to replace or modify the following:
> 1. Update the `username`, `password`, and the relevant `htpasswd` contents
> 1. Update the s3 or gcs variables and `boltdb_shipper_shared_store` variable based on your choice of object storage backend. See here for the full [storage_config](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#storage_config). 
> 1. Remove the object storage variables that are not relevant for your setup (e.g., remove the s3 variables if you're using gcs)
> 1. Update the `container_root_path` value so it reflects your own data root for the Docker Daemon. Run `docker info | grep "Root Dir"` to get the root path.
> 1. Update the `schema_config` section so that `object-store` has your choice of object storage backend (e.g., s3, gcs)
> 1. Update the `from` value in the schema config. The `from` date represents the first day from which the schema config is valid. For new Loki installs, we suggest setting `from` to 14 days before today's date (e.g. if today is Jan 15 2021, set `from` to Jan 1 2021). This recommendation is based on the fact that Loki will by default accept log lines from up to 14 days in the past (controlled by the value of the "reject_old_samples_max_age" knob). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Revise the YAML contents of `environments/loki/main.jsonnet`, updating these variables:

- Update the `username`, `password`, and the relevant `htpasswd` variable values.
- Update the S3  or GCS variable values. Update the `boltdb_shipper_shared_store` variable value to reflect your choice of object storage backend. See [storage_config](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#storage_config) for configuration details.
- Remove from the configuration the S3 or GCS object storage variables that are not part of your setup.
- Update the Promtail configuration `container_root_path` variable's value to reflect your root path for the Docker daemon. Run `docker info | grep "Root Dir"` to acquire your root path.
- Update the Loki `schema_config` section so that the `object_store` value reflects your object storage backend.
- Update the `from` value in the Loki `schema_config` section to no more than 14 days prior to the current date. The `from` date represents the first day for which the `schema_config` section is valid. For example, if today is `2021-01-15`, set `from` to 2021-01-01. This recommendation is based on Loki's default acceptance of log lines up to 14 days in the past. The `reject_old_samples_max_age` configuration variable controls the acceptance range.
```

jb install github.com/grafana/loki/production/ksonnet/promtail@main
```

Revise the YAML contents of `environments/loki/main.jsonnet`, updating these variables:

- Update the `username`, `password`, and the relevant `htpasswd` variable values.
- Update the S3 or GCS variable values, depending on your object storage type. See [storage_config](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/configuration/#storage_config) for more configuration details.
- Remove from the configuration the S3 or GCS object storage variables that are not part of your setup.

> - Update the value of `boltdb_shipper_shared_store` to the type of object storage you are using. Options are `gcs`, `s3`, `azure`, `filesystem`. Update the `object_store` variable under the `schema_config` secton to the same value. 
> - Update the Promtail configuration `container_root_path` variable's value to reflect your root path for the Docker daemon. Run `docker info | grep "Root Dir"` to acquire your root path.
> - Update the `from` value in the Loki `schema_config` section to no more than 14 days prior to the current date. The `from` date represents the first day for which the `schema_config` section is valid. For example, if today is `2021-01-15`, set `from` to 2021-01-01. This recommendation is based on Loki's default acceptance of log lines up to 14 days in the past. The `reject_old_samples_max_age` configuration variable controls the acceptance range.

Reviewer 2: Just a few typos to fix:

```suggestion
- Update the value of `boltdb_shipper_shared_store` to the type of object storage you are using. Options are `gcs`, `s3`, `azure`, or `filesystem`. Update the `object_store` variable under the `schema_config` section to the same value. 
- Update the Promtail configuration `container_root_path` variable's value to reflect your root path for the Docker daemon. Run `docker info | grep "Root Dir"` to acquire your root path.
- Update the `from` value in the Loki `schema_config` section to no more than 14 days prior to the current date. The `from` date represents the first day for which the `schema_config` section is valid. For example, if today is `2021-01-15`, set `from` to `2021-01-01`. This recommendation is based on Loki's default acceptance of log lines up to 14 days in the past. The `reject_old_samples_max_age` configuration variable controls the acceptance range.
```

    bigtable_project: 'project',
    gcs_bucket_name: 'bucket',

    //Set this variable based on the object storage backend you're using (e.g., s3 or gcs)
    boltdb_shipper_shared_store: 'my-object-storage-backend-name',

>     //Update "from" to be today's date, and update the object_store to be your object-storage backend

Reviewer: same as above

    bigtable_project: 'project',
    gcs_bucket_name: 'bucket',

>     //Set this variable based on the object storage backend you're using (e.g., s3 or gcs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    //Set this variable based on the object storage backend you're using. For example, S3 or GCS.
```
